# OSG-PATh Staff Meeting

The weekly OSG-PATh staff meeting is intended to promote camaraderie and
shared understanding of OSG and PATh goals among all staff.
As such, it is open to all staff who contribute effort to the OSG Consortium
and all PATh staff.

## Basic Meeting Information

<style>
  table#coordinates td { padding-top: 0.5ex; padding-bottom: 0.5ex; }
</style>
<table id="coordinates">
  <tr> <td><strong>When</strong></td> <td>Wednesdays, 2:00–3:00 p.m. Central Time</td> </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Online</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://uwmadison.zoom.us/j/91646738583">https://uwmadison.zoom.us/j/91646738583</a> (password sent separately)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Phone (toll)</strong></td>
    <td>
      See <a href="https://uwmadison.zoom.us/u/abQyBkAVbS">the Zoom website</a> for phone numbers<br>
      Meeting ID: 916 4673 8583 (password sent separately)
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Meeting Types

There are three kinds of staff meetings:

*  **Regular meetings** have a team presentation plus discussion of interesting challenges
*  **Town hall meetings** occur on last Wednesdays each month and are led by Miron or Frank
*  **Special topics meetings** focus on a special discussion topic or two

### Regular meetings

Staff should decide for themselves when it is best to attend.
OSG Area Coordinators are asked to attend or send a delegate to ensure broad representation.

1.  (2 min) Review [OSG calendar](https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86) for updates
1.  (3 min) Collect topics for discussion time
1.  (30 min) Team presentation and discussion
1.  (25 min) Discussion of interesting challenges

The “interesting challenges” section is for current or recent challenges,
especially ones that have or had elements that cut across various OSG/PATh teams.
For current challenges, this is a venue to raise awareness and ask for help.
For recent challenges, this is an opportunity to get the staff to think about ways in which we could have done better.
The topics do not have to related to the presentation of the day,
although the presenter is welcome to identify ones during their talk.

**Everyone** is encouraged to bring interesting challenges to each meeting,
and we’ll get through as many as we can each time.
Even better, nominate topics by emailing Tim C. in advance.

### Town hall meetings

On the last Wednesday of each month, OSG/PATh leadership (usually Miron or Frank)
will lead a meeting to discuss topics of their choice.
All staff are encouraged to suggest topics in advance by emailing Tim C.

**All OSG and PATh staff are requested to attend monthly town hall meetings,**
so please note these meetings in your calendar system.

### Special topics meetings

Occasionally, a staff meeting will be set aside for presentation or (more often) discussion
of a special topic, which will be announced in advance.

## Schedule

### Upcoming Meetings

- 2022-04-06 - **All-Staff Town Hall**
- 2022-04-13 - HTCSS (Todd Tannenbaum)
- 2022-04-20 - Production Support (Ken Herner)
- 2022-04-27 - Collaboration Support (Pascal Paschos)
- 2022-05-04 - **All-Staff Town Hall**
- 2022-05-11 - Network Monitoring (Shawn McKee)
- 2022-05-18 - Research Facilitation (Lauren Michael)
- 2022-05-25 - <span style="color:#FF6600;">Cancelled</span> due to HTCondor Week 2022
- 2022-06-01 - **All-Staff Town Hall**
- 2022-06-08 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)
- 2022-06-15 - Operations (Jeff Dost)

### Past Meetings

Past meetings are listed newest to oldest.
Blank lines separate cycles of team presentations.

#### 2022

- 2022-03-30 - [Security](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NiyQYD3PPm5QN5430U3i3HawJspVLtyd/) (Josh Drake)
- 2022-03-23 - [Release](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aDX5NayEpOkVwM5SprhWIhoiP5XG7AeZ6wiXdtzx1Js/) (Tim Theisen)
- 2022-03-16 - Cancelled due to [OSG All-Hands Meeting 2022](https://opensciencegrid.org/all-hands/2022/)
- 2022-03-09 - All-Staff Town Hall
- 2022-03-02 - [Software](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Zxr66x3p4q3gC4jFAUM5AzH6P4Z5-tqmjzpIooAuTBk) (Brian Lin)
- 2022-02-23 - Infrastructure Lab ([Igor Sfiligoi](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1c4AVSscGoPSHEJvTNMVYhRyT4QamM1Lr/) and [Fabio Andrijauskas](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lw0AnaJb-zjWT2r307DZNmBcL786Vk0l/))

<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

- 2022-02-16 - [Operations](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1W9lPX7DVzmIrJ3Gc381FCwaWfX9VBrhV4Ld2dtXa6sc/) (Jeff Dost) + <span style="color: #FF6600; font-weight: bold;">All-Staff:</span> Security Incident Training ([slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZhdF4qqZ99Fnq5jmIUJtvGIkwmer4jbC/) and [video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hnOMEhAYDyrK31rijCVr-4Q5Q_PQkR0E/); Brian Chase)
- 2022-02-09 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein: OSG-AHM and COVID; Miron Livny: on-boarding)
- 2022-02-02 - [Research Facilitation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ViQNXGiZQ0gjN6YDlk1f3CR1NieF6qBgpgeQr2cDK3k/) (Lauren Michael)
- 2022-01-26 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)
- 2022-01-19 - [Collaboration Support](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ls4mxx5YgHAPAqGPt2sXNjVYPRz-mRgRXxhA06vVND0) (Pascal Paschos)
- 2022-01-12 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein, requirements for joining OSCF/OSDF)
- 2022-01-05 - [Network Monitoring](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eJHu2FflMWZqCgKCbVVRXgK0RF8aiUEU/) (Shawn McKee)

#### 2021

- 2021-12-29 - Cancelled due to holidays
- 2021-12-22 - Cancelled due to holidays
- 2021-12-15 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein, Discussion of classifying unused resources on OSG)
- 2021-12-08 - HTCSS (Todd Tannenbaum)
- 2021-12-01 - Cancelled
- 2021-11-24 - Cancelled due to Thanksgiving
- 2021-11-17 - Town Hall: Miron Livny on culture
- 2021-11-10 - [Security](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1F9ON0wKbF7C7Ued9JrNlevv4oOQryz9Xev40pM4zAXU/) (Josh Drake)
- 2021-11-03 - [Software](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BYjf37QDALy7FM5KFY-Ay1MuUzt1raPO5q0AtwT2pyc/) (Brian Lin)
- 2021-10-27 - All-Staff Town Hall
- 2021-10-20 - [Release](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sqq28b4yvx5-I-RP4guC6ZDGiZLZKBbXHHBqs2KWqSQ/) (Tim Theisen) &ndash; discussion: runtime environment(s)
- 2021-10-13 - Discussion: customer service
- 2021-10-06 - [Infrastructure Lab](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rsjT5giw-6kr1YNI1TcTBw6kpzQVNmp8) (Igor Sfiligoi)
- 2021-09-29 - All-Staff Town Hall (Miron Livny)
- 2021-09-22 - Cancelled - HTCondor Week Europe 2021, etc.
- 2021-09-15 - Regular meeting: [Production Support](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_3322DTA56kej_7JMPXAKKAT5oegoe40/) (Ken Herner)

Prior to 15 Sep 2021, the meeting used an older format.

#### Earlier Meetings

Information about earlier meetings are on [a separate archive page](ac-meeting-archive.md).  Meeting
notes prior to 20 September 2017 were contained in the old OSG TWiki and are no longer available online.
